
   This file contains notes on what adjusting certain parameters has done to
   the HOC code.  Brian Griffin; December 17, 2005.


   C1 Skewness Function
   --------------------

   C1 (low skewness):  lowering decreases rcm for RF02; raising increases rcm
                       for RF02.  As long as I could change the other
                       parameters, the simulation turned out better the more I
                       could raise C1.  It provided for a better slope between
                       the peak of rcm and the cloud base, which also seemed to
                       cut the cumulus below the stratocumulus a little bit.
                       If C1 is too low, wp2 at low skewness will be 
                       unrealistically high.  C1 is also important in
                       determining wp2 below the cloud base in the cumulus 
                       cases.

   C1b (high skewness):  Not much of any effect on RF02.  Having it too high
                         produced instability in the Wangara case.  As a result
                         having to lower C1b, the stratocumulus clouds in the
                         ATEX case dropped from about 60% cloud fraction
                         (matching COAMPS LES) to about 40% cloud fraction.
                         However, as it turned out, this was actually closer to
                         the LES average for the case (COAMPS was at the high
                         extreme).

   C1c (slope):  It made the C1 function work out better for all the cases to
                 raise C1c (thereby decreasing the slope of the function) from
                 0.500 to 1.000.


   C2
   --

   C2thl:  Golaz provided a good value and I stuck with it.

   C2rt:  I increased it from 1.000 to 1.500 in order to dampen the rtp2 in the
          RF02 case, which had been helping to produce too much cumulus 
          underneath the stratocumulus.

   C2rtthl:  Golaz provided a good value and I stuck with it.


   C4
   --

   C4:  Not used in the model anymore.


   C5
   --

   C5:  Golaz provided a good value and I stuck with it.


   C6 Skewness Function
   --------------------

   Note:  The constant C6 had been broken into C6rt and C6thl.  I found out
          that having one C6 Skewness function for both cases was better than
          having two individual constants.

   C6 (low skewness):  lowering decreases rcm for RF02; raising increases rcm
                       for RF02.  We originally made C6 low for the DYCOMSII
                       RF02 case to make the layer more well-mixed, thereby
                       lessening the amount of cumulus below the stratocumulus.

   C6b (high skewness):  has hardly any effect on RF02.  lowering the value
                         from 6.000 to 4.000 did help in terms of decreasing
                         the ARM cloud fraction at cloud base when it was too
                         high while increasing the ATEX cloud fraction in the
                         stratocumulus section when it was too low.

   C6c (slope):  Setting the slope to 1.000 seemed to work well from the
                 start.


   C7 Skewness Function
   --------------------

   C7 (low skewness):  lowering increases rcm for RF02; raising decreases rcm
                       for RF02.

   C7b (high skewness):  The higher the value of this constant, the better it
                         made BOMEX by increasing the cloud fraction at cloud
                         base.  Increasing this value also seemed to decrease
                         the ATEX cloud fraction in the stratocumulus section.

   C7c (slope):  Changing this parameter from 0.500 to 1.000, thereby
                 lessening the slope of the function, helped a lot in making
                 things work out for all cases.


   C8 Skewness Function
   --------------------

   Note:  This function had been originally placed in the code by Chris Golaz
          and behaves differently than the other skewness functions.

   C8:  Needed to be lowered significantly in order to prevent ARM from going
        unstable.  Unfortunately, lowering the value of it also significantly
        decreased the ATEX cloud fraction in the stratocumulus section.  This
        effect on the ATEX case was counteracted by increasing the value of C1b.
        Read the notes about C1b to read about the conflict between the ATEX
        and Wangara cases.  Raising the value of this parameter also made a
        very small increase in rcm in RF02, while lowering the value made a
        very small decrease in rcm in RF02.

   C8b:  Golaz provided a good value and I stuck with it.


   C10
   ---

   C10:  Not used in the model anymore.


   C11 Skewness Function
   ---------------------

   C11 (low skewness):  raising made a very small increase in rcm in RF02;
                        lowering made a very small decrease in rcm in RF02.
                        A higher value seems to make the stratocumulus cases
                        (FIRE, RF01, RF02) run better.

   C11b (high skewness):  A key parameter for the BOMEX, ARM, and ATEX cases.
                          BOMEX and ARM seemed to have too sharp of a slope
                          for cloud fraction from the top of the cumulus to
                          near the cloud base, and then a sudden change to a
                          sharp increase in cloud fraction near the cloud
                          base.  Increasing the value of this parameter
                          smoothed out the slope somewhat.  However, too much
                          increase meant that the ARM case became unstable.
                          It also helped the ATEX case when the value of this
                          parameter was lower, for it increased the cloud
                          fraction in the stratocumulus section.

   C11c (slope):  I tried to change the value of this parameter from 0.500 to
                  1.000, as I had with the slopes of all the other skewness
                  functions.  However, when I did that, it had the same effect
                  on the ARM case as increasing C11b too much did.  That is, 
                  it made the case unstable.  The value of 0.500 that Chris
                  Golaz provided is the right value for this parameter.


   C12
   ---

   C12:  C12 is still in the code, but it is not being changed from it's
         original value of 1.000.


   nu_r
   ----

   nu_r:  The coefficient for rain water and rain drop diffusion was set by
          making the value for RF02 DS HOC approximately the same as RF02 DS
          COAMPS at the ground.


   All Other Constants
   -------------------

   All other constants were set by Chris Golaz and they are good matches.
   They will remain the way they were set.
